Hey how's it going guys this is Dave 2d
and I want to do a quick video on the SD
cards that people are using in the
Panasonic gh4 now if you don't have this
camera you'll find this video super
boring but if you do you might learn
something cool so panasonic recommends
using the new UHS speed class 3 cards
for their camera and these are the cards
that write at a minimum of 30 megabytes
per second or faster and if you're
wondering if your older cards will work
or not there's a quick way to find out
there below the video there's two links
one is for PC and one is for Mac and you
just take your card you plug it in and
you basically let the software run to
see your writing speed of your existing
card now it depends on the video the
type of video that you want to record
the two numbers you need to know are
this if you're running if you want to
record 4k video you need to have a card
that can write 12.5 megabytes per second
or faster and if you want to write the
1080p 200 megabyte video your card has
to be able to write at a speed of 25
megabytes per second or faster so if
your older cards can work save some
money you don't have to buy the new
cards and yeah if you have any questions
or comments just go ahead and type them
below and I'll do my best to answer them
so if this video was useful give it a
like and it's been nice so I'll talk to
you guys next time
you